{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2709
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Menlo-Regular;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 Menlo-Italic;\f2\fnil\fcharset0 Menlo-Bold;
}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red194\green194\blue192;
\red251\green0\blue7;\red255\green255\blue255;\red194\green194\blue192;\red193\green193\blue193;\red255\green255\blue255;
\red193\green193\blue193;\red0\green0\blue0;\red193\green193\blue193;\red194\green194\blue193;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;\cssrgb\c100000\c100000\c99985\c0;\cssrgb\c80437\c80436\c79935;
\cssrgb\c100000\c12195\c0;\cssrgb\c100000\c100000\c99971\c0;\cssrgb\c80523\c80521\c79920;\cssrgb\c80088\c80088\c79988;\cssrgb\c100000\c100000\c100000\c0;
\cssrgb\c80000\c80000\c80000;\cssrgb\c0\c1\c1;\cssrgb\c80176\c80176\c79976;\cssrgb\c80351\c80350\c79949;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww28600\viewh18000\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs28 \cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\ul \ulc2 \outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec4 Flask
\fs24 \ulnone \
\
Flask is a backend, micro web-framework written in Python. It is designed to keep the core of the web application simple and scalable.\
\
As Flask is a micro web-framework, it does not require:\
    - Any particular tools or libraries\
    - A database abstraction layer\
    - A form validation\
    - Components where pre-existing third-party libraries provide common functions\
\
Flask does support extensions. It is not an MVC (Model, View, Controller) framework.\
\
Flask is a WSGI (Web Server Gateway Interface) application. A WSGI server is used to run the web application, converting incoming HTTP requests to the WSGI environment, and converting outgoing WSGI responses to HTTP responses.\
\
Some popular web-applications that use Flask include Netflix, LinkedIn, and Pinterest. \
\
Flask and Django are the most popular Python-based web-frameworks. Flask has its pros over Django:\
    - Flask is very Pythonic. It is easy to get started, and there is not a huge learning curve. \
    - It is very explicit, and thus good for readability. \
\
Flask\'92s relation to other frameworks:\
	- Note: These frameworks are very different, but just to get a sense of their uses in different contexts:\
		- If we consider the MERN Stack:\
			- Express ~ Flask\
			- NodeJS  ~ Python\
			- React   ~ Jinja\
\
Flask\'92s Components (Main 4)\
	1) Werkzeug: Instantiate objects for requests and responses, and for utility functions\
	2) Jinja(2): Template engine for the Python programming language; creates HTML, XML, or other markup formats that are returned to the server via an HTTP request\
		- Example:\
			\cf5 \cb6 \strokec7 <html>\
				<head>\
					<title>\{\{ title \}\}</title>\
				</head>\
				<body>\
					<h1>Hello \{\{ username \}\}</h1>\
				</body>\
			</html>\cf2 \cb3 \strokec4 \
	3) MarkupSafe: String-handling library for Python\
	4) ItsDangerous: Safe data serialization library for Python. \cf8 \cb9 \strokec8 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf10 \cb1 \strokec10 \
\cf11 \strokec8 Simple Example of Flask Implementation:\
	\cf5 \strokec12 from flask import Flask\
	app = Flask(__name__)\
		\
	@app.route(\'93/\'93)\
	def hello() -> str:\
		return \'93Hello World!\'94\
\
	if __name__ == \'93__main__\'94:\
		app.run()\
\
\cf2 \strokec13 How to run a Flask application:\
	1) Install the Flask library\
	2) Save the file as a Python file\
	3) Run with 
\f1\i Python filename.py 
\f0\i0 \
		- This will open a local server.\
\
\

\fs28 \ul APIs With Flask\
\ulnone \

\fs24 Flask is great for working with APIs.\
\
	
\f2\b\fs26 \ul REST(ful) APIs\
\ulnone 		- 
\f0\b0\fs24 An application programming interface (API or Web API) that conforms to the constraints of the REST architectural style and allows for interactions with RESTful web services. \
		- REST = Representational State Transfer\
			- REST is a set of guidelines that can be implemented as needed, making REST APIs faster and more lightweight than some other prescribed API protocol, with increased scalability.\
\
		- When a request is made via a RESTful API, it transfers a representation of the state of the resource to the requestor. This representation, or information, is delivered in one of the 		  several formats via HTTP: JSON (Javascript Object Notation - the most popular, as it is language agnostic as well as readable by humans and machines), HTML, XLT, Python, PHP, or Plain 		  Text. \
\
		
\f2\b \ul Qualifications for an API being Considered RESTful\

\f0\b0 \ulnone  			1) A client-server architecture, made up of clients, servers, and resources, with requests managed through HTTP\
			2) \ul Stateless\ulnone  client-server communication, meaning no client information is stored in between get requests, and that each request is separate and unconnected\
			3) Cacheable data that streamlines client-server interactions\
			4) A uniform interface between components so that information is transferred in a standard form. This requires that:\
				a) Resources requested are identifiable, and are seperate from the representations sent to the client\
				b) Resources can be manipulated by the client via the representation that they receive, because the representation contains enough information to do so \
				c) Self-descriptive messages returned to the client have enough information to describe how the client should process it\
				d) Hypertext/Hypermedia is available, meaning that after accessing a resource, the client should be able to use hyperlinks to find all other currently available actions that they 				   can take.\
			5) A layered system that organizes each type of server (those are responsible for security, load-balancing, etc.) involved in the retrieval of requested information into hierarchies, 			   invisible to the client.  \
			6) (OPTIONAL) Code-on-Demand: The ability to send executable code from the server to the client when requested, extending client functionality.  \
		
\fs28 \

\fs24 \cf5 \strokec12 \
\cf10 \strokec10 \
\
\
\
}